translation from c00/30/16 to 20 (#66)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c00/30/18/1/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Honey Select 2 v1.1.3 by Text Dump v1.4.1
//

> ……この不格好な姿には、深い事情があるのです。好んでしているわけではありません。=...There's an explanation for this awkward appearence. It's not something I like to do.

Reviewer: Maybe just  `...There's an explanation for this.` or `...I can explain how I got this way`

Author: went with the first, she doesn't really seem to explain :P

//っ……こんな時にもよおすとは……恥の上塗りです……=
……何も聞かず、手を貸していただけないでしょうか？=...Could you please help me without asking anything?
//ここへきて尿意が……私はとうとう天から見放されたようです……=
……笑ってもらって結構ですので、助けていただけませんか？=...You can laugh if you want, but could you please help me?
//……すみません。理由を明かすことはできませんが、一刻も早く助けていただけないでしょうか。お願い致します。=

> 気が済むまで犯してからで構いませんので、助けていただけないでしょうか。お願い致します。=You can take me as much as you wish, but can you please help me afterwards?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
気が済むまで犯してからで構いませんので、助けていただけないでしょうか。お願い致します。=You can use me until you're satisfied, but can you please help me afterwards?
```
